ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
WHIRLING SAND AND FLYING STONES
TAKE IN THE DISCIPLE
WARM WATER: SEEKING A MENTOR TO HELP ME
YOUR LEVEL ISN'T UP TO 65
YOU'RE NOT QUALIFIED TO BE A MENTOR YET
LEVEL UP
Hey, Mom says come out for dinner.
We're celebrating the New Year.
What are you doing in your room?
Mom!
My brother won't even talk to me!
LEVEL UP
Sang Yan,
your uncle and aunt are visiting us.
Come out and greet them.
LEVEL UP
Sang Yan?
WARM WATER: TAKE IN THE DISCIPLE
APPLICATION SUCCESSFUL
3,413 DAYS
- How many people are in your group?
- Just me.
- Two.
Thank you.
How many people are in your group?
One, right?
Did you bring your phone?
Here, scan this.
- What are you watching?
- What?
You can check in now.
Are you afraid of heights?
There's no such thing
as fear in my dictionary.
Isn't someone here afraid of ghosts?
That's not the same thing.
Are you bored?
The view is quite beautiful.
It seems we're almost at the top.
- What's wrong?
- Are you scared?
No.
I think it's really pretty.
It's very healing.
- Hello?
- Yan, just a heads-up.
Master Chen Junwen did a reading for me.
He said the 8th day of the New Year
is a day with perfect timing,
good fortune, and…
- Harmony.
- And harmony.
So, I'm planning to have
my wedding on the 8th.
- What do you think?
- Are you out of your mind?
Shouldn't you be
discussing this with your wife?
Why are you discussing it with me?
First, I already
discussed it with my wife.
I just can't hide my excitement.
Secondly, I'm not asking for your opinion.
- I'm just letting you know.
- Hang it up for me.
What?
Sang Yan, why is there
a girl's voice next to you?
It must be your girlfriend, right?
Hi, miss. I'm Qian Fei.
Sang Yan, that's not
very considerate of you.
You said you were
with your roommate, but actually, you--
He hung it up. He's feeling guilty.
You put it on speaker,
but I still couldn't hear clearly.
Whose voice was that?
Someone next to him made a noise.
Anyway, it definitely wasn't Wen Yifan.
Seems like we're almost there.
It's only half past nine.
It's still early.
- Then, let's watch a movie.
- Sure.
I heard that couples kissing
at the top of the Ferris wheel
will stay together forever.
Let's try it.
How about it?
What movie do you want to watch?
Let me check.
Let's go.
Let's ride it again.
What?
The Ferris wheel. Let's ride it again.
Why are you riding again?
We forgot to take a photo.
Wen Shuangjiang.
Weren't we supposed to take a photo?
Right.
What are you taking a picture of?
Why are you laughing?
You're so handsome.
You just look a little bit… arrogant.
How about smiling a little?
When you smile,
your eyes look like crescent moons.
They're curved and cute.
Like crescent moons? I don't have them.
And that mole near your eye
is so noticeable when you smile.
It's like you're smiling with a tear.
It's obviously like a star, okay?
"Smiling with a tear"…
I'm almost crying from laughing.
Get closer.
Can I review the photo?
Let's review it later.
Seems like…
we're almost at the top.
You… heard that, too?
Do you believe in this rumor?
Of course not.
But…
I believe in myself.
This rumor
is made to make you believe it.
Have you reached home?
No need to wait.
Haoan probably won't come.
I wasn't waiting for him.
He,
- did you see Su Haoan today?
- No, I didn't.
When I see him,
I'll tell him to call you back.
No need. I'm leaving now.
Alright, take care.
- Bye.
Did you think I'd try to kiss you again?
Of course not!
I was just thirsty. Get some rest earlier.
QIAO SENT YOU VOICE MESSAGES
QIAO
Have you reached home?
Let me know when you're home.
Are you in a sweet moment?
Then I won't bother you.
I'll go home now.
Yifan, help me.
I'll be late tomorrow.
If the leader asks about me,
just tell him I'm in the bathroom.
Thanks. Love you.
OKAY
Recently, I kept doubting
whether I'm in the real world.
Not only am I loved by Sang Yan,
I also have a group
of really good friends.
Do I really deserve
to be treated like this by everyone?
PRESS AND HOLD TO TALK
Review it before going to sleep.
OKAY
This rumor is made to make you believe it.
Good night.
You know what?
The pinyin for good night,
"wan an",
means "I love you".
Do you know that?
IS THIS YOU?
I'M NOT REALLY SURE, SO I'M ASKING
Wen Yifan.
NOW DIALING
It really is you.
I miss you so much.
Yifan.
Hello, Miss Qiao.
- Hello, Mr. Ma.
- You haven't been around for a long time.
Please, come in.
What's that smell?
It's all Woodie Jr.'s fault.
Look, it's peeing all over the house
and making the room
smell terrible.
Where's Grandpa?
You're not allowed to come in! Honestly.
Grandpa, I'm here to see you.
Did someone make you angry?
This Woodie Jr.
is crying and making a fuss.
It's completely different
from my old Woodie.
Grandpa.
If no one can, I'll raise it myself.
Just wait a few days, okay?
Miss Qiao,
would you prefer a drink or tea?
I'm good with anything. Thank you, Mr. Ma.
Grandpa,
I think Woodie Jr. is still a child.
It's peeing everywhere,
maybe because the whole house
smells like the old Woodie.
It wants to change that smell.
Simply put,
it just wants you to care more for it
and love it more.
The old Woodie stayed
with me for 17 years.
Why should it be replaced so quickly?
Grandpa, look,
the old Woodie's toys.
You're still keeping them.
Is it because
you haven't accepted Woodie Jr. yet?
Alright, I'll gradually get used to it.
Do you often think of Grandma?
Haoan and I
already know about your illness.
Then, wouldn't it be better
if Grandma knew, too?
Don't you know
how it feels
when someone suddenly realizes
they're often forgetting things?
I only know
that if I suddenly forget something,
I'll get very anxious.
Right. Now,
I write everything I need to do
on my phone,
so I won't forget.
But the worst part is,
recently, I've even forgotten
how to use my phone.
So, this notebook
is really important to me.
When people get old,
many habits can't be changed.
As for Woodie Jr.,
I'll get used to it slowly.
LAUGHTER LIKES CANDIED HAWS
SHE DOESN'T LIKE SPICY FOOD
SHE LIKES TO TRAVEL
Grandpa,
may I ask
who is "Laughter"?
Look at this.
Who does she look like?
Is this… Grandma?
When she was in a relationship with me,
she laughed so much.
So, I gave her the nickname Laughter.
Later, we often argued.
So, I stopped calling her by her nickname.
But I was afraid I'd forget
about those happy days between me and her.
So,
I had to write everything down quickly.
I really don't want
to forget some things.
Fold the blanket neatly.
- Hello, Qiao.
- Hello, Dian!
You rarely take such a long vacation.
Is there anywhere you want to go?
I'll go with you.
I don't want to go out today.
I want to cook for Sang Yan.
You're actually cooking?
Do you need any help?
I need your help.
Go away.
- No, I want to try it myself.
- Alright.
Then, after you finish,
send me a picture to check.
Okay, bye.
So, this is what a woman in love is like.
UPTOWN FLOWER CITY
IS THIS YOU?
I'M NOT REALLY SURE, SO I'M ASKING
I shouldn't be bothered
by such trivial things.
DELETE
FORTUNE
Sang Yan should like what I posted.
- Qiao!
- Dian!
I bought you something.
Why did you buy so many things?
I went to the market
to help out this morning
and bought them on the way.
Here's the painting for you. I promised
to give you a painting last time.
- I'll hang it for you.
- You're so nice.
It looks great.
Check if it's straight.
- Move this side down a bit.
- This side?
Is it okay?
Move down a bit more.
- Is it okay?
- Good.
I spent a long time picking this painting.
It symbolizes you and Sang Yan,
hand in hand,
walking through the cold winter together.
I wish you a lifetime of happiness.
Is the size of it too small?
No. Regret is also a kind of beauty.
Well, I'll go then.
Aren't you staying for dinner?
I don't want to interrupt you two.
I'm leaving now.
FORTUNE
You're back.
You've worked hard.
You finally get some rest.
What's keeping you busy?
I made you a nice meal.
It's to return your favor.
You made it?
You made it yourself?
It's not bought?
Why…
Make it like a candlelight… dinner.
A simple version.
I'm starting to eat.
You're eating so casually?
Aren't you going to comment?
What else would you expect?
Do you want me to say it's incredible
or that it's unbelievably delicious?
What if I poisoned it?
Then you should eat it, too.
Let's go together later.
Don't you know that the person who cooks
usually doesn't have an appetite to eat?
But when I cook,
I usually have a good appetite.
- What's this?
- Tofu soup.
Here.
Let me taste it.
There's tofu in it.
Actually, I've always wanted to tell you.
These little lights…
don't really do anything.
Because when we sleepwalk,
we don't really react to light.
We just follow
the usual path during the day
and go with some sensations.
But I'm still really touched.
I'll take them down later.
How come I never noticed
you're so dramatic before?
Maybe you didn't get enough to eat.
But since being with you,
my sleepwalking has decreased a lot.
It feels like pressure
doesn't matter anymore.
These words make me pretty happy.
At least I'm more useful
than the little lights.
What I mean is…
No matter what, you'll always catch me.
I'm okay.
Eat up.
Wen Yifan.
No matter what,
I will always catch you.
Eat up.
From now on, you have
to speak up about anything.
Or else, I'll just keep
drawing butterflies for you.
Are you tired today?
No.
Then later, how about watching a movie?
I heard there's
a good thriller movie recently.
Aren't you tired?
No. I slept all day.
Let's watch it later.
Wen Shuangjiang,
was your main goal
just to watch the movie,
or was it to be with me?
You.
I want to watch a movie with you.
Finish the dishes.
- It's movie time!
- Okay.
It's not a horror movie, right?
Do you want to watch a horror movie?
I'll change it for you. Here.
Though it's a pity, but it's fine.
Maybe next time.
- Let's change it.
- No need.
I can't believe this.
Your relatives from your dad's side
are so shameless.
They've been at our house
for a week already.
Do they want to live here long-term?
No matter what,
you're closer to them, right?
Can you take them away soon?
Also, your aunt
keeps asking Mom for money.
What does it have to do with us
that her son is buying
a house to get married?
If you want to watch a movie with me,
can you focus for a moment?
Got it.
I'll throw my phone aside.
So, they've all come to Nanwu.
Why?
Why the face all of a sudden?
Nothing. Focus on the movie.
Then, want some fruit?
I'll go get it.
ZHENG KEJIA: MOM ASKS
WILL YOU COME HOME FOR NEW YEAR HOLIDAY?
When did you get your holiday?
Your New Year holiday.
I've been off since the little New Year.
Ms. Qian specifically told me
I can't work overtime this time.
Are you going home?
No.
Let me calculate…
What are you calculating?
Calculating when
I should come back to see you.
Why are you back?
Didn't you say
that you won't be back until the 8th day?
There are too many relatives at home.
I don't have a place to stay.
Last year, you suddenly
came back on New Year's Eve.
Was it because you don't
like spending New Year's at home,
or…
Or what?
Or did I come back for you specifically?
Did you?
Sang Yan,
don't you want to know
why I didn't go back to celebrate
the New Year with my mom?
I believe you will tell me
when you're ready.
Just now,
Zheng Kejia sent me some messages.
She said my mom asked if
I'm going home for the New Year.
But my relationship
with my stepfather's side
isn't very good.
Soon after my dad passed away,
my mom remarried.
This is Uncle Zheng.
He's been helping since your dad got sick.
Why are you silent? Greet him.
You're so impolite!
What is
your plan for Yifan?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I suddenly feel…
I'm glad I skipped class that day.
So, what happened later?
Why didn't you stay with your mom
and stepdad?
We didn't get along.
Not long after,
I went to my grandma's place.
Yifan, I really miss you.
She cared so much about my dad,
so she cared for me, too.
Being cared for
is ultimately happy, right?
Even when life is tough.
I was sent to my uncle's house
when Grandma got sick.
I rarely hear you talk about these things.
What about your stepsister?
During the last dinner gathering,
she acted like
she was really close to you.
That's just her personality.
She's been pampered
since she was little.
She always had the best of everything.
She never settled for less.
Even if there's a problem or a difficulty,
she always gets others to solve it.
And I'm a few years older than her,
so it's only right to tolerate her.
Tolerate her?
Where did that rule come from?
You never tolerate your younger sister.
Can you eat properly?
Your bones are hurting me.
When will you gain some weight?
My friends say I've gained weight.
What nonsense.
Are they purposely trying to annoy me?
Is something wrong with you?
You want me to gain weight.
If I get fat, you'll pick on others.
Then you can attack me personally.
Wen Shuangjiang.
Don't project
your stepsister's harsh words
and those nonsensical standards onto me.
Do you understand?
Do you think everything in this house
was bought randomly?
Every item,
each one,
was chosen for you.
Also,
you said your stepsister
has been pampered?
Just because of your taste
in choosing a partner,
you deserve the best of everything.
Got it?
REVIEW IT BEFORE GOING TO SLEEP
- How many people are in your group?
- Two.
Thank you.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!